Vault renewal with refactor (#9009)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/integrations/vault/aws-irsa-auth/_index.md

}
EOF

export VAULT_AUTH_ROLE_NAME="dev-role-iam-${CLUSTER_NAME}"

> export VAULT_AUTH_ROLE_ARN=$([[ $(aws iam list-roles --query "Roles[?RoleName=='${VAULT_AUTH_ROLE_NAME}'].Arn" --output text) == "" ]] \

Author: Works as is for me, and the zsh docs (https://zsh.sourceforge.io/Doc/Release/Conditional-Expressions.html#Conditional-Expressions) say both should work inscide `[[  ... ]]` but updating here and for `VAULT_AUTH_POLICY_ARN` as well

## Vault

After you set up your AWS resources, you can configure Vault with AWS authentication. This guide has only been verfied with Vault installed in the same EKS cluster we created in the [AWS section](#aws).

### Step 1: Set up Vault

Install Vault by choosing one of the installation methods in Vault's [Installing Vault](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/install) documentation.

This is a basic approach that may work for you. Note that is uses dev mode and is intended for use with this guide only:

```shell
helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com
helm repo update

helm install vault hashicorp/vault --set "server.dev.enabled=true" --namespace vault --create-namespace
```

> 

Reviewer: there is a step here missing where we specify how to run the vault commands listed below. Perhaps a section or note indicating that you must exec into the vault pod to execute these commands

Reviewer: hmm actually on second thought the guide previously sets up some useful env vars that I don't think make it through to the exec shell. so maybe a link to where to get the vault client for local execution and instructions on how to wire it up to run against the vault installed in eks

Author: I have actually been using a combination of opening a shell on the vault pod for the first set of commands, to avoid having to send the policy file in a `kubectl exec` and then exiting and using `kubectl exec` to run the commands that rely on environment variables.

I have updated the document to reflect those steps.

## Vault

After you set up your AWS resources, you can configure Vault with AWS authentication. This guide has only been verfied with Vault installed in the same EKS cluster we created in the [AWS section](#aws).

### Step 1: Set up Vault

Install Vault by choosing one of the installation methods in Vault's [Installing Vault](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/install) documentation.

> This is a basic approach that may work for you. Note that is uses dev mode and is intended for use with this guide only:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a basic approach that may work for you. Note that is uses dev mode and is intended for use with this guide only. (https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/concepts/dev-server)
```

    max_ttl=24h
```

> If this fails see [Access denied due to identity-based policies – implicit denial](#access-denied-due-to-identity-based-policies--implicit-denial)

Reviewer: this is a great link to the relevant section. however, that section more or less just states what the problem is, not how to fix it. A little clarity on what commands/console work needs to be done to resolve would be useful for people (like me) who largely got to this point in the guide through copypasta

Author: I used the console and have added the steps to create the policy.

Finally, bind the Vault authentication and policy to your role in AWS. To use IAM roles, the following command sets the `auth_type` to `iam`.

```shell

> kubectl -n vault exec vault-0 -- vault write auth/aws/role/dev-role-iam \

Author: Updated to use `${VAULT_AUTH_ROLE_NAME}`

To resolve this issue, add the `iam:GetRole` action to a policy attached to the assumed-role identity. In the previous example, you would add the `iam:GetRole` action to the identity `arn:aws:sts::account-id:assumed-role/foo-role/bar`.

One way to do this is via the console:

> * Log into the AWS console and go to the IAM dashbord

Author: updated

To resolve this issue, add the `iam:GetRole` action to a policy attached to the assumed-role identity. In the previous example, you would add the `iam:GetRole` action to the identity `arn:aws:sts::account-id:assumed-role/foo-role/bar`.

One way to do this is via the console:
* Log into the AWS console and go to the IAM dashboard

> * Search for and select the IAM user, in this example `dev-role-iam`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Search for and select the properly enabled role in this example `dev-role-iam`
```
